Additional video parameters (#5979)
prebid/prebid.github.io: prebid-mobile/pbm-api/android/pbm-targeting-android.md

Parameters: none.

#### setAuctionSettingsId()

For the SDK to separate out account from "auction settings".

Signature:

```kotlin
func setAuctionSettingsId(settingsId: String)
```

Parameters: 

{: .table .table-bordered .table-striped }
| Parameter | Scope | Type | Description | Example |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |

> | settingsId | optional | string | Use the settingsId to separate out account from "auction settings". If specified, the settingsId is used to set `ext.prebid.storedrequest.id`, otherwise prebidServerAccountId is taken by default. | "abc321" |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| settingsId | optional | string | Use the settingsId to separate account from "auction settings", allowing each app to have different global parameters defined on the server side. If specified, the settingsId is used to set `ext.prebid.storedrequest.id`, otherwise prebidServerAccountId is taken by default. | "abc321" |
```
